---
title: A Glimpse Into My Life
date: '2024-11-01'
author: Ezra Natanael
categories:
  - Personal
slug: who-am-i
toc: true
---

Hey! I’m Ezra, and I spend my days building cool stuff as a software engineer here in Indonesia. While I’m pretty much glued to my keyboard writing code, there’s definitely more to me than just staring at screens all day.

This website? It’s basically my little corner of the internet where I dump my thoughts, share what I’m learning, and hopefully help out other devs along the way. I got tired of the whole polished, perfect-looking tech persona thing, so I decided to just be real here.

You know what’s funny? I actually love those quiet moments when it’s just me and my code (and yeah, those annoying bugs that keep me in check). Here’s a plot twist - I wasn’t some computer genius kid. Actually, I was more like the class clown! But hey, life works in weird ways, right?

There’s this Japanese saying I really dig: “七転び八起き” (Nana korobi ya oki). It means “Fall seven times, get up eight.” Pretty cool, huh? It’s basically how I deal with everything - whether it’s a nasty bug in my code or just life throwing curveballs at me.

So what can you expect from this site? A bit of everything, really:

- Me geeking out about backend stuff
- Adventures (and misadventures) in cloud computing
- How I think about building systems
- Growing pains in tech
- Random thoughts about life (because we’re not robots, right?)

Look, I know tech writing can be dry as toast. That’s why I try to keep things real and throw in some personality. Sure, we’ll get into the nitty-gritty of code, but let’s not forget we’re all humans here, not computers.

If any of this sounds interesting - whether you’re here to learn some tech stuff, share your own stories, or just curious about who’s behind all this - stick around! Let’s make something cool together.